Fix: Fixing the checks for required programs (#182)
greenbone/docs: src/changelog.md

* Download the setup and install script to the current working directory
* Add license header to docker startup script
* Fix variable name typo in docker startup script

> * docker startup script: Fixing the checks for required programs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the checks for required programs in the setup script
```
